Add Notification That Guest Search Will Only Support in B1.0 (#22025)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/resources/search-api-overview.md

For examples that show how to render search results, see [Use search display layout](/graph/search-concept-display-layout).

## Guest search

> The Search API enables guest users to search for items within SharePoint or OneDrive that have been shared with them. To access the list of guest users, go to the <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2074830" target="_blank">Microsoft 365 admin center</a>, and in the left navigation, choose **Users**, and select **Guest users**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Search API allows guest users to perform searches for items within SharePoint or OneDrive that have been shared with them. To access the list of guest users, go to the <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2074830" target="_blank">Microsoft 365 admin center</a>, click the left navigation pane, and choose **Users**, and select **Guest users**. 
```
